okay guys this is measurement up for
YouTube um I just finished my realm full
match I can't acting yeah no I'm not
against I get that's Paul um but they go
right next to me still playing Audrey
goes one up not looking that good
because there's a lot of wind ups on its
opponents side of the field but we shall
see I'll do the short walk around for
you just so you have some impressions of
how the venue looks how many people are
we were slightly over 1100 which is way
more than I expected see here thus the
one hall which is stuffed up basically
and then there's another one I'll pass
by oh yeah and that's Joe Joe Joe Chi is
the shout out for him as well and she's
right now in a featured match waiting
for something what are you waiting for
Joe for the judge okay good luck to you
bro uh yeah I'm doing some in some
inside coverage PJ don't look that
jealous and yeah let's see who else oh
that's a nice feature match as well boom
would appear on I see a lot of wind up
surround these tables let's see what
else there s PL PL is losing what's
what's the score
okay well yeah look like an overpowered
warning revit met you can't do much
about that Jones Dominic Jones I heard
you had a beautiful car destruction last
game what happened the second game as
well well I know its opponent as well
you're both cool guys or Julia locks XO
don't draw that good okay those are top
tables you can see right here top tables
with a frown line i will i will give it
a shout now he's all focused and
concentrated and that that's mr.
trousers you can see here his trousers
it's awful he's actually called mr.
trousers it's AJ AJ on chats of top
tables as well hey Chet phone ohh phone
awesome nice and 31 on yeah let's see
and that's razor razor a shot Minaj
pretty big guy to be fair let's see who
else is on top tables we are table 11
now oh there's Stefan Stefan give us a
shout Stefan's on table 14 looking good
ok that's it for tails that's how I walk
around here
here that's a guy ask me some stupid
questions manage with anushka band which
will soon or fall again onto the sagging
well Vanga 1 not 2 i'm a geek that's a
do my negative settle up to give yo um
yeah there's rumors had it that i got
disqualified which is absolute nonsense
ha just like my opponent was too dumb no
my thumb was just too dumb to give the
entry slip the front are you doing
mediocre ok pretty good we got somebody
else here oman doing good says he's the
best he's not um yeah Vinnie's gay see
this is how you give works to Germany
people who look like bad try to tell me
that I was gay what the fuck's wrong
with this world like seriously oh yeah
not the cool guy there you're doing good
oh IC IC plums sounds amazing yeah lots
of people are now around this place it's
like 1100 people and no a police the
third of it it's peter peter has my
around to my run to lowes how are you
doing Peter not not too good oh yeah I'm
tan mood and we're just a random from
around Mannheim and yeah he knows that
she's that he spread that's why I acts
like that um but do God we got a fake
one of my favorite judge is there but
he's busy as I sit um that's our head
judge a judge head judge give us child
oh yeah filipa yeah everybody loves to
get filmed on yugioh events that oh
alright madam mind zone you know
Adrienne Adrienne doesn't speak English
very well so I don't know um Gary what's
she doing down here just chillin I
hyster that's awesome I lost people
chill okay let's talk about over to the
other Hall so it's just half of the
event we've got a really nice and
between space here we've got Wendy sharp
and food and stuff like that people to
chill out and um yeah that's another guy
from YouTube it was a child what's your
name when you get you sorry Dula coo coo
coo I do not sign a single word but i'll
give you a shout out okay um that's the
second hallway with side events and some
of the lower tables I think right over
there that's a public event area you can
see there's fair amount of people as
well pretty cool and yeah that's like
more chili area people trading a lot and
chillin havin some food I don't know
folding the decks hey hey someone from
the staff hi
this is mr. Hyuga trader he's a fag no
just kidding um I'll strip how's
training going gives a shout yeah he's a
Russian kid from Munich that doesn't
speak English very well apparently well
yeah okay that's Thomas he's he's are
you youtube as well mr. duality how's
everything going satisfied with the
trades yeah eyelids many meant go to to
drop while focus on important things
like making money making profit pretty
cool okay um then we can see something
else really really funny over there
there are two cosplays dressed up as you
say and Jaden Yuki and Mert cosplayers
at their best I cannot see a single a
hero car there what the hell it seems
like jail but seems like Jane finally
decided to play good tags yeah well yeah
just bet Matt off part of you okay
there's our cosplayer ladies um yeah
that's about it for the venue and i'll
do another walk around laid around when
i can tell you more about results and
i'm off right now I'm x 1 i'm pretty
satisfied except for got a loss and
round to do to judge decision well i'll
tell you more about that later in the
conclusion that's four that's it Merlin
I'm out